When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago and
I returning to free our friends.
Time to get...serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[\u266a]
Let's end this...
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate.
Trick World!
Now tell me which way's up!
No way!
[gurgling/struggling]
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Aurora Dimension!
[scream]
Elfin, hold on!
I can't!
Noooooooooo!
[\u266a]
Hey! Ace!
Marucho!
They're gone.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Last One Standing.\"
No No Noooooo!
Mira!
Shun.
Careful.
This smells like a trap!
Of course it's a trap.
And Ace and Marucho walked right into it.
Seriously, doesn't anyone think in this Resistance?
We're too exposed out here...We'd better get moving.
And since I have no idea how to drive Mira and
Ace's trailer...
...It looks like we're walking to Beta City.
I'm gonna have to destroy that Dimension Controller
single handedly.
You're wrong about one thing, Shun.
What's that?
You won't be alone on this mission.
No matter where you go, I'll always be by your
side, as close as your shadow.
We're partners to the end.
Thank you, my friend.
Next stop Beta City.
[\u266a]
You're finally back, Volt...The news better
be...good for your sake that is.
Sealed and delivered...The dweeb was pretty
tough...but in the end I won.
Now we wait for Shadow Prove.
He better not blow it.
[fiendish closed mouth chuckle]
He won't.
Prof. Clay will see to that.
I just hope he hurries.
Our guests will get lonely without their friend.
Howdy pardner...
We don't like strangers round these here parts.
Really?
[fiendish chuckle]
You see, Beta City is my territory.
We can't have trespassers like you makin'
trouble...If I were you I'd clear on out...Or you
can stay and I'll teach you some manners Vexos style!
Haaaaaa!
You talk big, Shadow Prove but...
I have a job to do and you can't stop me.
Save the Bakugan...Save New Vestroia...And
then...save my old partner.
[proud battle roar]
I'd let us pass if I were you.
[fiendish laugh]
...I'm gonna cry...But since I know you've come
to destroy the Dimension Controller at Beta City...
I won't.
So tell me, punk...Think you can get by me?
Ha-haaaa!
Maybe not...
But it's time for me to find out...Let's get down
to business.
[\u266a]
Gauntlet Activated.
Gauntlet...Power Strike!
Let's go!
Gate card open!
That old partner you want to save...It wouldn't be
Ventus Storm Skyress?
'Cause you know Prince Hydron turned her into a
random sculpture.
In fact, I think he's using her for a coat rack
right now.
[maniacal laugh]
You should see his collection.
He's almost got the whole set.
[maniacal laugh]
Now that I've got you all stoked up...Let's see if
you're a match for the smokin'est brawler...of
team Vexos.
Whaddya say we get this party started...
Bakugan Brawl!
Hi Yaaaaa!
Bakugan Stand!
[maniacal laugh]
Maybe you've met Darkus Mechanical Hydranoid!
Hydranoid! There's no way!
[battle roar]
Hydranoid! It's me! Shun Kazami!
[roar]
...What have they done to you?
Shun!
Let me see if I can reach him.
Give it a shot Ingram...
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Ventus Ingram!
Face your old friend, Ingram!
[\u266a]
Let's boogie!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Chaos Leap Sting!
[battle attack roar]
Mechanical Hydranoid's gonna rough you up!
[\u266a]
[maniacal laugh]
...Enjoying the exercise?
Let's turn the screws a little .
...We gotta pull this together or we're
history...Ingram!
Let's amp it up!
Ability Card Set!
Ability Activate!
Shadow Echo!
[mighty effort]
Hey! Where'd he go?
Hydranoid Power Level 500.
Those long range missiles aren't much use up close,
are they?
Ability Activate!
Hydranoid!
Destroy Vanish!
[angry roar]
[maniacal laugh]
Bye bye!
What the?
Ingram!
Bakugan Trap.
Ventus Hylash!
Double Ability Activate...Thunder Power,
Glimmering Slash!
Plus Shadow Split!
Howdya like the way that adds up?
[\u266a]
Hey!
[outraged roar]
[bird screech]
Don't let him get away...Ability
Activate...Go!
Chaos Leapstring!
This'll ground you for good!
[\u266a]
Hylash!
Snap! Sorry friend.
We're down but not out!
[maniacal laugh]
Well...Whaddya waiting for?
Huh?
Ability Activate...Wind Power.
Calculating Power Levels
Soaring Strike Shot!
Hydranoid!
Behind you!
Here I come!
Close but not enough.
No way!
[battle roar]
What is that?
Hydranoid...
What have they done to you?
Hey ya...Wakie, wakie...
[maniacal laugh]
...Gate Card Open!
Darkus Reactor!
Hydranoid Power Level 350.
[battle screech]
Hydranoid, are you in there?
Whaddya say we crank it up a notch?
Ability Activate...Death Trident!
This'll cut you down to size.
[\u266a]
Ingram! Watch out!
Oh no!
[\u266a]
Ingram...
I'm sorry, Shun...But that's not...
I know...
[maniacal laugh]
That's not Hydranoid.
Stay strong, Ingram.
We'll need it...for the next round.
Nothing's gonna stop us this time!
Once I get rid of the Battle Brawlers this'll
my show! Haaaaa!
Gate Card...!
[\u266a]
Bakugan...Brawl!
Ventus Ingram Stand!
Let's take control of this battle!
[crazy cackle]
We'll see!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand...
Mechanical Hydranoid, yeah!
[defiant roar]
Come, Bakugan Trap Hylash!
[\u266a]
[ready for battle roar]
You may look like Hydranoid...
...But we know you're not!
Let's prove it!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Thunderbolt, Torrential Wave!
Sweet!
Now we'll get to see what you're really made of!
[gathering power roar]
Hydranoid!
[surprised, angry roar]
Wh-what...kind of creature is that?
[goofy, amused laugh]
You should see the look on your faces.
It can't be...
[\u266a]
A mechanical Bakugan...
Of course.
It's an abomination.
Impersonating Hydranoid!
[mechanical squeal/roar]
Darkus Hades is more than that.
He's the biggest, baddest cyber Bakugan there is!
[cocky laugh]
Damage to body minimal.
Less than one percent.
Defensive systems normal.
Weapons at full power.
Motor controls are go.
My second creation... Darkus Hades...
It has none of the weaknesses of Altair.
[painful, defiant roaring]
Altair was just my first attempt at a mechanical
Bakugan.
But then I found a way to splice Hydranoid's Bakugan
DNA into Vestal circuitry.
And now...Darkus Hades is a perfect blend of
Bakugan... and machine.
This piece of cyber junk is a joke.
It can't beat the real thing!
I'm going to take your Mechanical Hades apart...
piece by piece.
That's it, Ninja boy. Get mad!
...Double Ability Activate!
Photon Trail!
Plus Phaser Trident!
Ingram, Hylash, minus 600.
Ingram! Hylash!
[\u266a]
I got to do something!
Professor. Fortress is finally on-line.
Yes!
Go Shadow Prove!
It's time to test Cyber Bakugan Trap, Fortress!
You talk too much, Prof!
Nobody tells me how to Brawl!
Bah!
Humph...butinski.
Besides...
...I was just about to do that!
...Take this...Cyber...Bakugan
Trap Fortress!
This baby is fully loaded!
Man! Together they're almost twice as powerful!
Ingram! Hylash!
You gotta pull it together!
[crazy, goofy laugh]
Ability Activate!
Proton Rain!
[\u266a]
Gate Card Open!
Ventus Reactor!
We still need more power!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Armored, Mega Dome!
[gathering power roar]
Increase 200.
It's no good.
The Power Level's too low.
[struggling pain]
[frustrated roar]
Ingram! Hylash!
Kiss yer Bakugan good-bye!
[victorious/mocking laugh]
Oh man, this is sweet!
You really care about your Bakugan don't you, Shun?
Too bad!
Gate Card Open!
Hiya...Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[threatening roar/squeal]
Hey Shun...You gonna brawl or bawl?
[goofy, mocking laugh]
I'm down to my last Ability Card.
If Shadow Prove's cards are stronger we're gonna
get hammered and that's it for the Bakugan Brawlers
Resistance.
Shun, what's going on?
Too slow!
If you're not gonna take your turn then I'll go again!
Bakugan...Trap Fortress!
Haaaahhh!
You're afraid!
I can smell fear a mile away.
It's now or never, Ingram.
Don't be such a downer!
Just brawl already!
Shun!
Throw me in!
My friend...I can't play you...I'm sorry.
What?
I lost Skyress in a brawl like this...It happened
before...I can't stand to lose another partner.
Don't worry...
Think of me as your shadow, my young friend.
You don't understand.
I do.
But like a shadow I am always with you.
Always at your side no matter what.
[moved gasp]
...You're right.
We're a team. Win or lose!
Let's go!
Let's do some damage!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
I am ready!
Bakugan Trap Hylash!
Bring it on, buddy!
[\u266a]
[excited laugh]
So you finally worked up the nerve to brawl!
Yeah right...and I'm betting it all on this card!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Double Fangs, Jade Wind Shot!
Now Ingram!
[\u266a]
[summoning power roar]
That's more like it!
Ability Activate!
Proton Mars!
[\u266a]
Are you kidding me?
[satisfied chuckle]
Come on, Come on.
Show them the power!
Haaaaaa!
Ability Activate!
Phaser Trident!
Light 'em up, Darkus Hades!
[\u266a]
Hylash, Ingram, minus 300.
[long scream]
Life gauge zero
[holding back giggle under his breath]
Sorry...Ingram.
Sorry Dan.
[triumphant/goofy laugh]
Say nighty-night, Bakugan Brawlers Resistance!
[uncontrollable laugh]
[triumphant/goofy laugh]
Stop laughing, you hyena.
[\u266a]
Glad I'm not them.
They're nothing more than defeated opponents to me.
I don't care what Prince Hydron does with them.
Sympathy's for the weak.
They don't look so tough now...pickled!
[laughing]
Now all we have to do is make sure those other
losers stay trapped on Earth forever!
[laughing]
Then no one will ever stand in our way again.
[goofy, triumphant laughter]
My name is Spectra.
And Dan Kuso has denied me for the last time.
If he will not join me against Prince Hydron then
I will take Drago from him by force.
Even if I have to unleash the dark, deadly power of
a forbidden card to do it.
I'll sacrifice anything for ultimate victory and
Dan Kuso's defeat.
Don't miss our next battle!
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]